hello I'm here to teach you how to make
everybody's favorite Chewbacca sound
otherwise known in galaxies far far away
as the wookie ground hits you baka sound
a combination of lower throat muscles
and saliva fairly easy to imitate yet
not very many people can take a look
now some of you are probably wondering
why would I want to make the Chewbacca
sound my only response to that is why
wouldn't you there are so many ways you
can utilize this growl so many little
moments in life it can be used when you
run out of toilet paper
use the growler when a bum asks you for
change use the growl after sex
office meetings when you shart use the
growl sharding is when you fart under
little piece of comes out of it
okay I know you're excited to get
learning let's get started it might seem
weird at first but like killing a baby
seal with a wiffle bat all it takes is
practice first relax the throat muscles
only a minimal amount of saliva will be
needed for this now you're going to
begin to roll your R's observe roll the
arse
roll the arse one more time
being able to make this sound as a gift
please do what you can to learn it share
it with others they'll be glad you did
I'm girth this has been a how-to video
from gorilla works may the force be with
you bicha Pakistan stay on target